coming up goes in we sat down for the
great one last version us
way they go turbulent descent began well
but it's California nectar setting off
for the lead but made a rose once the
lead and made a rose actually being
written along so they absolutely
Sprint's into the turn
California nectar down at the rail and
made a rose they could not be going any
quicker those two absolutely fly they
open up four lengths on them now back in
third is twos they're out in the four
spot plum pretty been taken back saying
they gained two thousand them a seven
length advantage on the outside
turbulent descent also just sitting back
patiently and Zazu the early Taylor a
good eleven off the leaders they hit
past the five eight pole and made a rose
on the outside of California nectar
they're gonna have to be good to keep up
those pace going past a half-mile they
are clear by six lengths plum pretties
back in third on the far side says
they're out now Zazu the gray down at
the rail a turbulent descent is going to
have to go wide the turbulent descent
moving up on the far side three-eighths
to go and made a rose and already
California nectars gone up surprisingly
Zazu on the inside now here comes
turbulent descent in the gold cap and
turbulent to Center starting her run
quarter of a mile to go mayday Rose
breathing fire Zazu and turbulent
descent the two favorites come to
dispute the last virgin Asst they are
over
understand Anna's gonna be bathroom this
fall and Rosario take the last version
is just over length to turbulent ascent
come pretty was served and made a rose
the unofficial result the winner number
Seven's as a six turbulent descent
through number one plumb pretty and
forth number five made a rose